Who can help?
Come with me! Help! Help
Stop what
The gunner called the police.
Big brother, don't get me wrong.
This is my wife
It's not that I ran away with another man two days ago
I didn't look for it for days before I found it.
I'm taking him home.
Oh, your wife
It was a family
This woman needs to be taken care of
How good would it be if this heart was wild?
Yes, yes, thank you for your understanding, big brother.
Go home I'm not helping go
The boy is a family boy
We're a family
Since ancient times, it has been difficult to mess up household chores
You can't handle this
Family. What's his name?
Lin Ruoyu
I don't know my wife's name yet
The ID cards are in the bag
Do you think people are family?
Marriage certificate